DSP 
AT3 Report
Postgress:
PostgreSQL is an open-source object-relational database system, command line program is used to enter SQL queries directly, or we can execute the queries from a file. I am using PyCharm as IDE to run the python code.
Psycopg2: It’s a PostgreSQL database driver, in this project, we are able to perform operations on PostreSQL using python. With the help of pyscopg2, SQL queries or commands are executed using execute( ) method. 
PostgreSQL connection: To build this App, I am initializing psycopg2 connection to connect with Postgres and providing my local database user name, password, local host IP and port number. When the user runs this App, the has to provide his database connection details to the “connection menu” so that the App gets connected to his local database, and then the user can pull the table information by selecting the table name from the given select drop-down menu.

Cursors: When the Postgres gets connected, we need to open the cursor to run each sql command, cursors help to fetch any number of rows either by running one single command or by fetching each row once at a time. Before closing the connection of Postgres we need to close the cursor so that cursor gets available for the next person to use it.
Pandas: Pandas is one of the packages of Python programming language, and this package is to store the information into a dataframe.
Streamlit: Its an open source app framework in the python language. It is helping us to create web applications easily within few streamlit commands rather than writing and executing hundreds of JavaScript or HTML commands. Streamlit, pandas libraries are imported in the files to execute the commands and run the App.
Config.py is used to configure the App, saves a key-value pair to the Streamlit session state, saves a list of key-value pairs to the Streamlit session state and displays the current values of Streamlit session state.
Challanges: I have not worked on Streamlit in the past, and this was a totally new concept to me. I found session state a very challenging part of the assignment as it was very hard to find the relevant information on the Internet related to session state. Each part of the assignment was challenging.


